hello everybody today we are going to be
taking an in-depth and closer look at
the Elite Series 16 diesel this figure
is not new this is actually quite an old
figure which I believe was released
maybe in 2012 about 2013 but this figure
is very rare it's hard to come by and if
you do come buy it on eBay or online
it's very expensive and there's no
reason to it I mean I mean there is a
reason to it it's an awesome figure and
it's the only diesel Elite so we can
take a look at the accessories so this
he actually came with a different
version of this winged vehicle title the
one he came with had in the black glow
so let's put diesel down the this is the
blue glow version it looks good but the
one he came with it wasn't really
painted in it was just black it didn't
look at her but
same strap same everything awesome title
a meaningful title is awesome
you'll notice these wineglasses diesel
did not come the glasses I actually have
to put these on just because they look
so awesome and I'll take them out
these glasses are from the elite series
33 Batista and in order to fit them on
diesel I have to cut off the ends so
that they can fit into his hair and work
if they would therapy there but it works
as glasses and they're awesome but the
second accessory he comes with is the
best which is awesome they take a look
on it on him a lot of awesome protection
work you'll see mine is a little bit
beat up just a bit I've had this for a
while but extremely accurate
I love the we'll talk things hanging
down from the best looks awesome just
great work on this vest and I'm at that
same going on screw that they actually
these are molded on it's not just paint
I think a little it would have looked
weird otherwise but we're just going to
take the vest off the pinion
don't force it be very careful when
you're pulling off you'll want to snap
the auditory if I am correct he didn't
come with the large elbow pad actually
had that add them on but I think that
would have been cool had he came with
them so let's take a look at Space Camp
first and I think it is a good feasel
hex game it doesn't look like him looks
a little bit older
there might be an expression but it just
looks a little bit older than what at
this time
nice terrible my um this one's weird
because this hairpiece just keep them
going that way and it's supposed to be
out here so that's a little box here
looks good you know they have it molded
so it looks like it's coming down here
looks looks looks good you know looking
at this singlet top it's great and it's
got the bezel logo right on his abdomen
looks pretty awesome nothing on the back
regular old singlet right over here
hiding the Nova pad down he's out one of
the tattoos I'm lying if I said I knew
what it was and then he's got one right
on his lower forum
and then this leads into the glove the
fingerless gloves used to warm which are
awesome and this is weird because they
actually have molding of like an
undertaker blood on it I don't know if
you guys can tell but we're going up to
here you can kind of see the molding and
it looks a little bit distracting but
it's still cool and it especially stands
out on the thumb of diesel yeah it look
looks good but the glove is still
awesome on the other armies just got
regular wrist tape down onto the pants
which are really cool they've got like
this molding that goes 360 all around
just just really awesome down there up
along baggy pants and on the side they
have legal tassels and I think it would
have been really cool had they painted
the tassels gray just to make the
figures stand out a little more but
still awesome focusing in our in
articulation now his head can go 360 if
you wanted to the hair does not prevent
any articulation which is pretty rare
it's from the Mattel figures this head
can move up and down he does have a
shoulder joint which rotates 360 and
also it comes out to beside about that
much and down this much he doesn't have
an upper bicep swivel right over here
it's single bend in his elbow it does
rotate at the top of the wrist and pivot
in and out 807 1/2 times which is good
um usually these tour shows like The
Undertaker
I'm torsos they can't go that far back
watch I don't know if you guys can tell
this one's pretty good but you'll be
lucky to find one that goes forward this
much which is awesome on bezel it has a
waist articulation
legs can go out a lot for someone his
size and not a lot but a good amount
doesn't upper thigh rotation a double
bent in his knee and he does pivot and
rotate a little bit at the boot overall
this figure is really awesome if you do
come across it for a good price you
should absolutely get it not many Falls
to the actual figure almost a near
perfect figure
I guess we'll give it a 9 out of 10 I
think the only problem I honestly had
with it was just that the old tassel
things weren't colored but not that big
of a deal it's still really awesome and
it does represent diesel from this time
period thank you guys for watching check
out some of my other reviews and as
always Drive